Process Program Questions

Q: A class or a module?
A: A class.  Since this problem is focused on a highly accurate timer, C provides a much more accurate framework for this purpose.  

<<<<<<< HEAD
	Because this problem is to create a resuable utility that does not save state, it is a module problem.

Error handling? Robustness? Security? Are any of these required?



What components of the Ruby exception hierarchy are applicable to this problem? Illustrate your answer.

	Exceptions that are applicable to this problem are:
		- RuntimeError
	  	- SecurityError
	  	- ThreadError
	  	- SystemCallError
	  	- SystemStackError

	  These are all exceptions and errors that can be thrown when dealing with threading and system programming.

Is Module Errno useful in this problem? Illustrate your answer.

	Module Errno will be minimally useful in this problem, to help us deal with any system errors that occur when we handle threading.

Describe the article at:
http://today.java.net/pub/a/today/2006/04/06/exception-handling-antipatterns.html
Convince the marker that these Anti-patterns don’t exist in your solution.

	The article talks about the mistakes programmers make when handling and generating exceptions.
	The anti-patterns do not exist in our solution because we do not expect to encounter 

Do they exist in your Shell solution?

	They do not exist in our shell solution.

How can I make the timing accurate? What time resolution should I be looking at, remember real-time systems? Time formats?

	We can make the timing accurate by using Ruby's Time class.  The time resolution we should be looking for is
	milliseconds.

Does ‘C’ have better facilities for this problem than Ruby? (Big hint!)

	C does have better facilities for this problem than Ruby, because it can handle more precise time measurements.
	The POSIX standard for signals allows for better management of time in threads.

What should be user controllable? Can we trust the user?

	The user should only be able to specify the timeout period, and the message.
	It would not be wise to trust the user.  We must try our best to sanitize inputs.
=======
Q: Error handling? Robustness? Security? Are any of these required?
A: 
Error handling:

Robustness:

Security:

Q: What components of the Ruby exception hierarchy are applicable to this problem? Illustrate your answer.
A:
TimeoutError: Thread running the timer may timeout in the code block if the timer is set to too long of a timeout.
ArgumentError: Incorrect arguments may pass through the shell and attmpt to be used to initialize and operate the timer.
ThreadError: Could occur if an attempt is made to modify the thread calling the timer before the thread has been initialized.

Q: Is Module Errno useful in this problem? Illustrate your answer.
A: Module Errno is useful for this problem.  Since the timer itself will be initialized in C, 
it is important that any errors that are occur are handed up the higher application level 
such that the error can be understood and reacted to in a better context. 
For example, if the Errno 'ENOMEM' was received this would notify the program that the host has 
ran out of memory.  By being able to receive this Errno the application would be able to more 
elegantly recover this by disallowing the user from spawning additional threads (as well as 
notifying them) until enough processes have closed such that the user can safely send more 
commands.

Q: Describe the article at:
http://today.java.net/pub/a/today/2006/04/06/exception-handling-antipatterns.html
Convince the marker that these Anti-patterns don’t exist in your solution.

Q: Do they exist in your Shell solution?

Q: How can I make the timing accurate? What time resolution should I be looking at, remember real-time systems? Time formats?
A: Timing can be made accurate by going to as fine a resolution as possible.  
For real time systems, the smaller the resolution the better until a resolution is met 
such that time errors at that scale override the accuracy.
Time formats depend on the desired accuracy for the system.  A real time system requires 
high accuracy (accuracy down to milli or sometimes microsecond).  Hence, the time format 
may not be in the scale of years, months, days, or even hours.  It is more likely that 
a format of minutes down to microseconds or milliseconds is more appropriate.  For example,
consider the case of brakes in a car.  This situation is an example of a real-time system.  
When the user presses the brakes, they are not expecting the car to begin slowing down 
within the scale of minutes but instead the scale of microseconds.  The driver would 
want the car stop as soon as possible.

Q: Does ‘C’ have better facilities for this problem than Ruby? (Big hint!)
A: C has much better facilities for this problem than ruby.  Both functions 
support timers to the scale of nsec.  However, since C is much lower to the 
OS than Ruby, C would be the best choice.  Since a developer can directly 
all assembly from C, this gives a developer much greater control over getting 
highly accurate time values in the nsec range.  Ruby (which cannot directly 
call Assembly) is able to provide time values down to nsec but these values 
are highly inaccurate compared to a well-tuned piece of C code.

Q: What should be user controllable? Can we trust the user?
A: The only components that should be user controllable are the timer length 
and the timer message.  We cannot trust the user.  Even these two inputs 
should remain tightly controlled such that the user remains in a sandbox environment.  
The message needs to be checked that is a valid message (invalid characters or 
an empty message).  The delay time needs to be checked to ensure that it remains 
within a reasonable limit (time specified is not an unreasonably large value).  
The user needs to be presented with the bare minimum required for functionality 
such there is less of a chance of invalid inputs that could possibly corrupt the 
internal program state.
>>>>>>> 6f11be84a3ecea263487a157c425ec4e773b7f5d
